3 Tofu tacos are not Mexican. I think putting tofu on anything and calling it Mexican is an insult to my people.
3 Life is half delicious yogurt, half crap, and your job is to keep the plastic spoon in the yogurt.
0 Knowing that you're by my side gives the strength to wake up every morning.
1 We have to hurt in order to know, fall in order to grow, lose in order to gain, because all of life's lessons are taught through pain.
0 My number one goal in life is to make you happy. You deserve absolutely everything.
2 You lose sight of things and when you travel, everything balances out.
1 Love doesn't hurt; loving the wrong person does.
0 If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.
1 I was playing back a thousand memories baby, thinking about everything we've been through.
2 Bizarre travel plans are dancing lessons from God.
3 To eat well in England you should have breakfast three times a day.
2 The grand tour is just the inspired man's way of heading home.
1 I want to love someone whose heart has been broken, so that he known exactly how it feels and won't break mine.
0 What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.
0 A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
1 Every girl needs a best friend to help her laugh when she thinks she'll never smile again.
1 The funniest people are the saddest ones.
0 What could I have possibly done to deserve something as magical and beautiful as you?
2 The ideal is to feel at home anywhere, everywhere.
2 The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
1 Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
1 The saddest thing in the world is loving someone who used to love you.
3 Somebody get me a cheeseburger!
2 Experience, travel these are as education in themselves.
1 When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone.
0 If I can't have you in my life, I don't want anyone else.
1 Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word.
2 Flying starts from the ground. The more grounded you are, the higher you fly.
2 The gladdest moment in human life, me thinks, is a departure into unknown lands.
0 If I could be with you forever, I'd be the happiest person alive.
2 Always stay sharp on railways and cruise ships for transit has a way of making everything clear.
1 The worst memories stick with us, while the nice ones always seem to slip through our fingers.
0 One love, one heart, one destiny.
1 He does something to me, that boy. Every time. It's his only detriment. He steps on my heart. He makes me cry.
0 A friend is a gift you give yourself.
0 You feel like a beautiful backdrop to my life. You make me feel whole.
1 This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something.
2 may came home with a smooth round stone as small as a world and as large as alone.
0 Thank you for introducing love and beauty to my life. You've made me so happy.
3 After a good dinner one can forgive anybody, even one's own relations.
2 The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
2 I probably did too much thinking in India. I blame it on the roads, for they were superb...
2 Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
3 Cakes are healthy too, you just eat a small slice.
2 A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
1 I am not alone because loneliness is always with me.
2 Where you come from does matter -- but not nearly as much as where you are headed.”
0 I love every single thing about you. Everything about you is flawless.
3 There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
1 So it's true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.
1 The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.
0 When I see you, everything in the world feels perfect and pure. I adore you.
3 There is communion of more than our bodies when bread is broken and wine drunk.
2 A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.
1 When you are in love and you get hurt, it's like a cut it will heal, but there will always be a scar.
3 When engaged in eating, the brain should be the servant of the stomach.
3 I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food.
2 Move to a new country and you quickly see that visiting a place as a tourist, and actually moving there for good, are two very different things.
1 People cry, not because they're weak. It's because they've been strong for too long.
3 Let food be the medicine and medicine be the food.
0 Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
0 I was destined to be with you. Being around you always feels so right.
2 Travel makes one modest. You see what a tiny place you occupy in the world.
0 When I wake up every morning, I pinch myself remembering that you're in my life.
2 Books are the plane, and the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home.
0 I couldn't even imagine being happy before I met you. Now I'm the vision of contentment.
1 You deserve to be with somebody who makes you happy. Somebody who doesn't complicate your life. Somebody who won't hurt you.
3 He was a bold man that first ate an oyster.
2 Work, Travel, Save, Repeat
2 I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list.
1 Pain is the only thing that's telling me, I'm still alive.
2 Better to see something once than hear about it a thousand times.
2 It is not the destination where you end up but the mishaps and memories you create along the way!
0 Being around you is the definition of pure love, joy and happiness.
3 If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world. 
0 I would give anything to make you smile. Your smile lights me up inside.
0 You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
0 I didn't know what love was until I first laid eyes on you.
0 Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
1 No matter how hard i try to make you happy in the end its never good enough because i always end up hurting.
1 I thought you were different. I was wrong.
1 People change but Memories don't.
2 One's destination is never a place, but a new way of seeing things.
2 I may be going nowhere, but what a ride.
2 The best traveler is one without a camera.
2 Usually, there is nothing more pleasing that returning to a place where you have endured hardship.
3 To eat is a necessity, but to eat intelligently is an art.
1 You're the first person who broke my heart. For the rest of my life, you will always be the one who hurt me the most. Don't forget that.
2 To travel is worth any cost or sacrifice.
1 Find a heart that will love you at your worst and arms that will hold you at your weakest.
0 No on on the planet could ever compare to your beauty, kindness and overall wonder.
3 One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well. 
1 If I have to be perfect to keep my man faithful, then I'd rather just let him go and live alone. Perfect is an impossible state.
1 I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.
0 There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.
3 Pull up a chair. Take a taste. Come join us. Life is so endlessly delicious.
2 Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go. But no matter, the road is life.
0 Being around you feels as surreal and wonderful as a dream.
1 I don't understand people and how they can wake up one morning and decide someone isn't important to them.
